fix: add minimatch to match catalogPath (#15570)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/swift-waves-laugh.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog-backend-module-github': patch
---

> fix catalog Path matcher to use glob on receive github events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixed `catalogPath` option to properly glob match on received GitHub events.
```
